docs: remove extra word (#18750)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/3.views.md

![Pages are views tied to a specific route](/assets/docs/getting-started/views/pages.svg)

> Pages represent a view used for each specific route pattern. Every file in the `pages/` directory represents a different route displaying its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pages represent views for each specific route pattern. Every file in the `pages/` directory represents a different route displaying its content.
```
